== docbot

Much of writing technical documentation is cumbersome and repetitive. Docbot will create a scaffold documentation for all of your classes and modules in your Ruby project. You can then go through and fill out only the parts you care about. Finally, Docbot makes it 
easy to remove any boilerplate documentation it created if you decide to not to use it.

Docbot generates documentation using the TomDoc format (http://tomdoc.org/) other documentation styles are possible but not implemented.

== INSTALL

THIS GEM IS UNDER DEVELOPMENT AND DOES NOT WORK YET DO NOT UNSTALL (YET)

From rubyforge:

  sudo gem install docbot

From github:

  git clone git://github.com/heavysixer/docbot.git docbot
  cd docbot
  rake gem
  sudo gem install pkg/docbot-*.gem

== USAGE

To document all your modules, classes etc.

  cd /path/to/app
  docbot

== OPTIONS

    Usage: docbot [options] [file]*
        -d, --delete                     Remove boilerplate documentation from all model files
        -v, --version                    Show the current version of this gem
== AUTHOR:

Mark Daggett (heavysixer)
For Humansized Inc.

== Contributing to docbot
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Mark Daggett. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

